Info: Erick Kawala, erickkawala@gmail.com.

Loom Video Link: https://www.loom.com/share/4a07ad11d8814acbb8c447f08ca94f1b?sid=767fe7c7-5a53-4cc4-8744-6d786b7a5074 

1. A link to a zip file of this folder on Google Drive 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kPIw5-bb-EDv4yxNmmk5sGaZH3hSVeso/view?usp=drive_link 
    

2. A note indicating your work location (Country/State)
    Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA

3. A note of how you found this job post (LinkedIn, Handshake, Wellfound, referral, etc.)
    TLDR Newsletter and a LinkedIn page thereafter, I believe.

- If you are willing to work 9am - 7pm PST on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (40 hours total across 4 days)
- If you are willing to work 4am - 12pm EST Monday - Friday

I want to work at QA Wolf for a few reasons. The Quality Assurance (QA) field looks to be promising in terms of job security for years to come and it seems very likely that QA Wolf will have plenty of business in such a large market. The QA service itself has more evolving to do and I would like to be a part of that. Since learning playwright and starting this project, I have learned a lot and found it quite enjoyable. This is something that I would love to do professionally and I will continue to work with these tools outside of normal work hours for personal use even if not hired or considered for the next round interview by the QA Wolf hiring team.

I’ve worked as remote, hybrid and onsite. While working for Google, I became accustomed to editing G3Docs, runbooks, managing my own IT Ops project and helping with other projects, as detailed on my linkedin page.

I feel that I have an approximate understanding of what contributions would be expected to a project means.

Other possibly relevant interdisciplinary experience includes network security, penetrating testing, next-generation firewall configuration, web development, almost seven years of technical support hybrid and remote, and lots of academic experience from before, during, and after attending Santa Clara University. These include technical writing, business and entrepreneurship, business writing, leadership, accounting, art history, critical thinking and writing, mathematics, computer engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, and more.

I also love coding and I like to work with people, so this role seems like a perfect fit.

